Madam, you must be mistaken
He is a country man
How could it be your in-laws?
Yes, Guiying has been married to their family for more than ten years
Oh, I didn't hear that he still gave birth to a baby, just rely on it
Why does this gold lock look exactly like an expensive baby?
This was 20 years ago.
My mother left it for me when she was taken away
It is also the happiness of our mother and daughter meeting
The gold lock is hers
She was my real mother.
It turns out that the daughter that bitch has been looking for
He is the richest man in Jiangzhou
If you let your wife know that we abuse his mother
He can't kick our whole family out of Sun Quan
My mother was abducted into your house
Separated from my flesh and blood
Suffering grievances
Today I'm going to share all these years of my mother's pain
All back to you
Village Chief, these people are at your disposal.
Don't worry.
Oh ma'am ma'am
I know I was wrong, you don't come
Go go go go
Mengjie's father hit his head
Injury unknown
Let's go to the city for treatment
OK
The daughter's golden lock is mine
I am your mother